add prop resultContainer (#37)
r2u-io/documentation: docs/customizer-3D.md

```

The onConfirm function is triggered after the user clicks on the "Confirm" button on the Customizer screen. It returns a key-value pair containing the product customization (e.g. key "model" value "Eames chair", key "color" value "Black", etc.)

```typescript
const element = document.getElementById('3d-customizer')
const onConfirm = (productCustomization) =>
  console.log('customization selected', productCustomization)
R2U.customizer.create({ element, onConfirm })
```

> The `resultContainer` element (optional) is created after the user clicks the "Confirm" button in the Customizer screen. It returns an HTML element that receives the 3D viewer with product customization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `resultContainer` element (optional) is created after the user clicks the "Confirm" button in the Customizer screen. It returns an HTML element that renders the 3D customization result.
```
